DESCRIPTION:

This archive contains files to help editing OCaml code, to highlight
important parts of the code, to run an OCaml toplevel, and to run the
Caml debugger within Emacs. 

CONTENTS:

  README             This file.
  HISTORY            Differences with previous versions.
  tuareg.el          A major mode for editing Tuareg code in Emacs.
  ocamldebug.el      To run the OCaml debugger under Emacs.
  dot-emacs.el       Configuration file for quick installation
  sample.el          Sample file to check the indentation engine.

INSTALL:

  See tuareg.el

QUICK CONFIGURATION:

  If you are no Emacs-Lisp addict, and would like to use Tuareg NOW, append
  (or copy) `dot-emacs.el' file to your `.emacs' configuration file.
  It tells Emacs to load tuareg automatically.

  Consider updating your `.emacs' configuration file by hand if you
  keep on using Tuareg.

MANUAL CONFIGURATION:

  Add the following lines to your .emacs file:

  (add-to-list 'auto-mode-alist '("\\.ml[iylp]?" . tuareg-mode))
  (autoload 'tuareg-mode "tuareg" "Major mode for editing OCaml code" t)
  (autoload 'tuareg-run-ocaml "tuareg" "Run an inferior OCaml process." t)
  (autoload 'ocamldebug "ocamldebug" "Run the OCaml debugger" t)

  The Tuareg major mode is triggered by visiting a file with extension
  .ml, .mli, .mly, .mll, and .mlp or manually by M-x tuareg-mode. It
  gives you the correct syntax table for the OCaml language.

USAGE:

  See tuareg.el.

CUSTOMIZATION

  The standard Emacs customization tool can be used to configure
  Tuareg options. It is available from the Options menu and Tuareg's
  Customize sub-menu.

  You may also customize the appearance of OCaml code by twiddling the
  variables listed at the start of tuareg.el (preferably using
  `tuareg-mode-hook', you should not patch the file directly).
  You should then add to your configuration file something like:
  (add-hook 'tuareg-mode-hook
    '(lambda () ... ; your customization code ))

  `custom-tuareg.el' is a sample customization file for standard
  changes. You can append it to your `.emacs' or use it as a tutorial.

FEATURES, KNOWN BUGS:

  Cf. online help.

THANKS:

  Ian Zimmerman for the previous mode, compilation interface and
  debugger enhancement.

  Jacques Garrigue enhanced Zimmerman's mode along with an adaptation
  to OCaml (and Labl) syntax. Although this work was performed
  independently, his useful test file and comments were of great help.

  Michel Quercia for excellent suggestions, patches, and helpful
  emacs-lisp contributions (full, ready-to-work implementations, I
  should say), especially for Tuareg interactive mode, and browser
  capacities.

  Denis Barthou, Pierre Boulet, Jean-Christophe Filliatre and Rémi
  Vanicat for intensive testing, useful suggestions, and help.

  Ralf Treinen for maintaining the Debian GNU/Linux package.

  Every people who sent me bug reports, suggestions, comments and
  patches. Nothing would have improved since version 0.9.2 without
  their help. Special thanks to Eli Barzilay, Josh Berdine, Christian
  Boos, Carsten Clasohm, Yann Coscoy, Prakash Countcham, Alvarado
  Cuihtlauac, Erwan David, Gilles Défourneaux, Philippe Esperet,
  Gilles Falcon, Tim Freeman, Alain Frisch, Christian Lindig, Claude
  Marché, Charles Martin, Dave Mason, Stefan Monnier, Toby Moth,
  Jean-Yves Moyen, Alex Ott, Christopher Quinn, Ohad Rodeh, Rauli
  Ruohonen, Hendrik Tews, Christophe Troestler, Joseph Sudish, Mattias
  Waldau and John Whitley.

  Tuareg mode have been maintained by Albert Cohen until version 1.45.

  Jane Street took over maintenance based on Albert Cohen's version 1.46
  (later retracted by him), and released its first version as 2.0.

REPORTING:

  The official Tuareg home page is located at:
  <https://forge.ocamlcore.org/projects/tuareg/>.

  Bug reports & patches to: <tuareg@janestreet.com>
  or use the tracker: <https://forge.ocamlcore.org/tracker/?group_id=43>.
